# AD-AUTOGPT
Basic implementation of AD-AUTOGPT
The research paper focuses on the use of AutoGPT in the domain of Alzheimer’s disease. AutoGPT is a tool built on OpenAI’s GPT which can be used to perform tasks without human interventions. AutoGPT takes the main task from a user’s prompt, divides it into subtasks using GPT and then using self prompting mechanisms, thinking and observation mechanisms, starts working on the subtasks in order.  In this research paper they have used AutoGPT for an infodemiology task related to Alzheimer’s disease. They have modified AutoGPT for the specific tasks here related to AD(Alzheimer’s disease), which include Information extraction related to AD, summarisation of these key information sources and finding insights related to various topics like treatment, awareness) from these summaries.
AD-AutoGPT improves on AutoGPT in various aspects such as AD specific data extraction, spatiotemporal analysis and also visualization of trends. Also since AutoGPT works on GPT-4, it has a token limit of 4096 tokens, which can lead to loss of important data, but AD-AutoGPT isn’t affected by this as it breaks the total data into smaller fragments and summarizes them and eventually combines them to make it compatible with GPT-4 token limit. It has an instruction library pre-fed into which learns the instructions for a particular subtask from the actual goal. The instructions fed into the library include instructions like Save and Search news, Summarize news, Draw plots and many more. It works by using GPT-4 for dividing the task into subtasks, then it has 5 main steps of working: The first step is the Question, which is the original question, next step is the thought, where it decides what to do using AI’s internal reasoning, the 3rd step is Action, where it decides the course of action based on the thinking process, the next step is Action Input, which is the Input for the Action to be performed, which could be anything like google urls or api where data is present, and the final process is observation, accessing the actions implemented and checking whether they fill well with the task.It is an iterative process for checking whether output meets the required output as it checks whether the output meets with the prompt requirements using techniques like relevance matching.
	AD-AutoGPT has 3 main key features: summarization of the data, spatiotemporal analysis and LDA analysis for topic modeling. For the task of summarization it uses GPT-4. For temporal analysis it just extracts the metadata of the webpage or the article and for spatial analysis, it  first uses NER to identify place names in the text and then maps them using geospatial gazetteer. LDA is used to find the topic distribution of the document. So it takes K topics(unnamed, K is fixed) and randomly assigns them to different words initially. Then it uses statistical patterns of word cooccurrences( how frequently the words in a topic co-occur in a document together) and based on this refines the topic assignment to words. Then it checks how frequently few words occur in the topic in the doc, as it assigns probabilities to the words and then naming is done based on the words with the highest probabilities.

THIS IS A BASIC IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS RESEARCH PAPER
